SillyMUD Server Version 1.1b
 
 
Some notes:
      SillyMUD is far from perfect.  It was designed mostly on an AT&T
      machine running sysVr3.  There may be some problems on some systems,
      although we have spent time to try to circumvent any problems you
      may run into.  Although Unix is fairly compatible, not all systems
      are the same.  If the mud won't compile, we suggest you first read
      the makefile to make sure that all the options that you need set
      are set.  If it still fails, consult your man pages on your system,
      things may be different on your system (no gcc? maybe your cc is
      k&r C only and you have acc?).  If all else fails, you can always
      try to contact one of us on SillyMUD by connecting to our developement
      site (doldrums.cis.ufl.edu 4000 [128.227.224.35]) and contacting
      either Loki or DM.  Either of us are usually able to help you port
      to your specific Unix setup.
 
 
Running the mud:
      If you plan to run the mud fulltime, it is VERY advisable to get
      permission from your system administrator, as most do not look
      highly on their students or employees running a mud and snagging
      up memory and system time.  If you're taking up too much memory,
      there is the option to compile it with HASH to lower the memory
      requirements, but this raises your CPU usage.  Once you get it up,
      the mud should be fairly stable and able to adjust itself to it's
      new home.  If you plan to have alot of objects and mobiles on your
      mud, you may want to make sure that you have plenty of disk room
      for the mud to work with.
 
 
Configuring the mud:
      Right now, unlike an LP, SillyMUD is not exactly configurable for
      a custom setup without rewriting part of the mud.  But do not
      despair, you can reconfigure how the world works, and how the
      mobiles interact with each other (see the docs for more information
      on this).  You can use the built in script language to add some
      life to mobiles, and you can edit rooms online.  Currently, there
      are two online world editors, one is edit, it is command-line
      driven.  The other is redit, and it is menu driven, although it
      requires vt100 terminal emulation to be able to use it properly.
 
 
Who to mail if you still have problems:
      jdb@cis.ufl.edu
      dm@key880.rain.com
 
